Reading Guide
MUSIC AND COMPUTERS, CHAPTER 2
1. What happens in a digital-to-analog conversion? What is interpolation?

we take snapshots of what the frequency is at intervals determined by the sampling rate
Interpolation is smoothing out the edges in a digital graph.

2. What is the main distinction between analog and digital representations of information?

analog is continuous so you can take a snapshot at any point of the sound wave and get infinite accuracy. Digital is not continuous so if you look at one spot in the sound wave there is a limit to how accurate it is.

3. According to the Nyquist Theorem, if I wanted to digitally sample a sound that contained frequencies up to 8,500 Hz, what minimum sampling rate would I need?

You would need a 17khz sampling rate.

4. What is undersampling? How does it affect how a recording sounds?

undersampling is when you take to few samples of the sound wave. it sounds kinda muddy or fuzzy.

5. How many numbers can one represent in an 8-bit, 12-bit, 16-bit, and 24-bit value?

 8-bit : 256 numbers
 12-bit: 4096 numbers
 16-bit: 65,536 numbers
 24-bit: 16,777,216 numbers

6. What’s the difference between an analog and a digital copy?

In theory a digital copy is identical in every way to the original. If you create a digital copy of a compressed audio file it could degrade in quality but for uncompressed and lossy audio files it should be identical.
Analog copy's are always a lower quality compared to the original due to noise.

7. Your friend says they’re really into “8-bit music,” but, um, actually, you know they listen to their music on CDs. How would you be a know-it-all jerk and explain their technical error?

"Well actually" *pushes glasses up nose* "your music is encoded as a 16 bit due to it being stored on a cd."

(Please do not do this IRL.)

8. If bigger is better, why don’t we always record digital audio at 384 kHz / 128 bits?

mostly because its pointless to a point. there is a point where we humans cant tell the difference between higher sampling rates and bit rates and the higher the bit rate/sampling rate the more space it takes up.
