Reading Guide
AUDIO CULTURE
1.  Eno argues that recording “makes repeatable what was otherwise transient and
    ephemeral.” Do you agree? Why or why not? Is there a part of sound or
    recording technology that is still ephemeral and transient? Explain.

    I do agree with Eno. It does make short lived sounds repeatable. I liked at
    end where Eno mentions the beach boys using the sound of celery being eaten.
    I had no idea that had happened and immediately found it on youtube. He
    uses it as an example for something else but its a great example for this
    as well.
    I think the only things that are ephemeral and transient are the
    things that are unable to be recorded whether that be something that
    happened unintentionally and was not recorded and was not possible to
    recreate. So there are sounds that could be ephemeral but only if they
    have not been recorded.

2.  What does Eno mean by the “detachable aspect” of recording? How has that
    changed since he delivered this talk in 1979?

    I think when he says the detachable aspect hes talking about how before recording and editing you were forced to also listen to the background sounds. when he gave the talked he was probably talking about how recording studios were separated from background sounds and how people were trying to get rid of the artifacts that occur in recording.
    Now a days using digital audio devices we are able to make "pure" music in the sense that we can practically recreate the sound of an instrument as if it were in an anechoic chamber. but as the same times there is a lot of people that have been artificially adding record noise or other background sounds into their music to give the music a different kind of feel.

3.  In your own words, describe Eno’s Discreet Music. Do you find it
    interesting? Why or why not? In what context might you listen to this type
    of music?

    Its very relaxing. I forgot I started playing it when I started reading it. it was fairly jarring when it switched to the next video and someone started talking about computers. I quite like the way he starts playing a new sound and slowly fads it out. It kinda feels like the song is coming to an end but that lasts for 30 minutes.
    I would say it is interesting for the reasons I stated before.
    Personally i would listen to it while reading or maybe meditating if I did that.

4.  In your own words, describe Tone’s Solo for Wounded CD. Do you find it
    interesting? Why or why not? In what context might you listen to this type
    of music?

    I find it interesting that some one would want to listen to this or even make it. I dont like at all. practically just noise to me. I would never listen to this if I had the choice. So I guess I would listen to it for a grade.

5.  How are Marclay’s and Tone’s techniques similar? How are they different?

    They both kinda jam existing sounds together to create a beat.
    I definitely think Tone's track was created digitally and its also much more jarring to listen to.
    Marclay's was less jarring since he used existing music and combined them. Marclay's music was fairly unsettling to listen to. some of it almost sounded like it could be in a horror movie or something similar.

6.  What does Tone mean by his term paramedia? Are their other musicians/artists
    you can think of who use this strategy? Explain.

    Essentially misusing something to create music.
    I cant think of any at the moment. I guess the classic rock and metal bands that would destroy their guitars after their concert. since guitars aren't really meant to be bashed on the ground. 
